Add support for vaultUrl in azure keyvault plugin (#60)
getporter/azure-plugins: README.md

    vault = "myvault"
    ```

> 1. [Create a key vault][keyvault] and set the vault name in the config with name of the vault.
> - If you want to specifiy the full url for your vault, use vault-url instead:
> ```toml
>    [secrets.config]
>     vault-url = "https://myvault.vault.azure.net"
> ```

Reviewer: The bullet point renders a bit oddly, so how about we make this a new paragraph within the list item instead (along with a spelling fix and a note about which value takes precedence):

```suggestion
1. [Create a key vault][keyvault] and set the vault name in the config with name of the vault.
   
   If you want to specify the full url for your vault, use vault-url instead. Note that `vault-url` takes precedence over the `vault` setting.
```toml
   [secrets.config]
    vault-url = "https://myvault.vault.azure.net"
```
```
